This paper discusses how FRBs can be used as probes to trace epoch of HeII reionization, using simulations of their dispersion measures (DMs). DM contributions from Milky Way, IGM and possible host galaxies have been modeled as a function of redshift as well as star formation rate. Authors also attempt to estimate the number of FRBs required to distinguish between a model of the Universe in which helium reionization occurred at z = 3 from a model in which it occurred at z = 6. In addition, they estimate the number of FRBs required if we take into consideration homogeneous and non-homogeneous IGM for  both the models. 

Two different universes, one in which HeII reionization occurs in sharp transition at z = 3 and the other in which it did at z = 6 are modeled in the simulations. Gaussian distribution (to keep it simple) has been used to shape DM contributions for FRBs. If the Galactic contribution is drawn from the YMW16 model, ∼950 FRB events in the range 3 ≤ z ≤ 4 with measured redshifts are required to distinguish between a Universe in which HeII reionization that occurred at z = 3 and one in which it occurred at z = 6 at the 95% confidence level. On the other hand, for the NE2001 model, ∼1300 FRB events are required to distinguish between two simulated models at the same confidence level due to the comparatively larger scatter in host DMs. Authors estimate that at least ∼1350 (YMW16) and ∼1860 (NE2001) FRB events with redshift associations are required to distinguish between the two simulated models of the Universe at the 95 per cent confidence level. Moreover, for a given sample of FRBs between 3 ≤ z ≤ 5, ∼5700 FRBs with measured redshifts are required to distinguish between a HeII reionization that took place at z = 3 and 3.5. 

Having said the required number of FRBs at such high redshifts(z) to constrain EoR for HeII, localizations for those FRBs better than few arcseconds become necessary which in turn requires high spatial resolution of the radio instruments. To probe redshifts beyond z ≈ 3, FRBs with DMs > 3000 need to be found, which requires sensitive instruments with high-frequency resolution.
