The paper reports the first direct detection of 21 cm intensity mapping (auto power spectrum) at z ~ 0.32 and z ~ 0.44 where observations are taken in 
L-band (856 MHz < f < 1712 MHz) receivers of MeerKat radio telescope. Similar work has been reported by https://doi.org/10.1093/mnrasl/slt074 at z ~ 0.8 
with Green Bank Telescope. Another formalism to measure power specturm using 21 cm intensity signal is cross-correlation with galaxy surveys. The observed 
field for the IM mapping is J2000 located at α = 04h13m26.4s, δ = −80°0′0′′, specifically selected to minimize the effects due to bright foreground sources
in the target field.

In this work, delay power spectrum is computed by adopting visibility-based approach. Visibility for each antenna pair (2D fourier transform of sky at each 
frequency v and time t) is measured and then Fourier transform of visibilities is computed along the frequency axis, resulting in delay transform (delay 
cubes). Finally, cross correlation between these different delay cubes is performed to produce 3D power spectrum. Weighng of the 3D power spectrum using 
inverse covariance parameter further results into 2D (as a function of k∥ & k⊥)  and 1D ( as a function of K-bin) power spectrum. Foreground avoidance has 
been applied by constraining the results to k∥ = 0.3k⊥.

In 1D spectrum, significant detection is seen at both the redshifts z ~ 0.32 and Z ~ 0.44 and the measured spectrum drops as k value increases. The resulting
spectrum is then used to estimate the preliminery constraints on the HI shot noise, velocity dispersion and HI mass function. 

The results obtained can further be used to: I. extract astrophysical information on the HI galaxies, II. provide well-defined constraints on HI mass 
function, halo model and the nature of redshift space distortions on Mpc scales.

Other matter discussed in this meet:
1. Finger-of-god (FOG) effect --> Redshift-space distortions observed when peculiar motion of the galaxy is comparable to Hubble expansion rate
2. Stokes parameters (I, Q, U, V)


